Psalm 89 a contemplation of Ethan the
Psalm 89 a contemplation of Ethan the Ezra hide I will sing of the mercies of
Ezra hide I will sing of the mercies of
Ezra hide I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever with my mouth will I
the Lord forever with my mouth will I
the Lord forever with my mouth will I make known your faithfulness to all
make known your faithfulness to all
make known your faithfulness to all generations for I have said mercy shall
generations for I have said mercy shall
generations for I have said mercy shall be built up forever your faithfulness
be built up forever your faithfulness
be built up forever your faithfulness you shall establish in the very heavens
you shall establish in the very heavens
you shall establish in the very heavens I have made a covenant with my chosen I
I have made a covenant with my chosen I
I have made a covenant with my chosen I have sworn to my servant David your seed
have sworn to my servant David your seed
have sworn to my servant David your seed I will establish forever and build up
I will establish forever and build up
I will establish forever and build up your throne to all generations and the
your throne to all generations and the
your throne to all generations and the heavens will praise your wonders O Lord
heavens will praise your wonders O Lord
heavens will praise your wonders O Lord your faithfulness also in the Assembly
your faithfulness also in the Assembly
your faithfulness also in the Assembly of the Saints for who in the heavens can
of the Saints for who in the heavens can
of the Saints for who in the heavens can be compared to the Lord who among the
be compared to the Lord who among the
be compared to the Lord who among the sons of the mighty can be likened to the
sons of the mighty can be likened to the
sons of the mighty can be likened to the Lord God is greatly to be feared in the
Lord God is greatly to be feared in the
Lord God is greatly to be feared in the Assembly of the saints and to be held in
Assembly of the saints and to be held in
Assembly of the saints and to be held in reverence by all those around him O Lord
reverence by all those around him O Lord
reverence by all those around him O Lord God of hosts who is mighty like you O
God of hosts who is mighty like you O
God of hosts who is mighty like you O Lord your faithfulness also surrounds
Lord your faithfulness also surrounds
Lord your faithfulness also surrounds you you rule the raging of the sea when
you you rule the raging of the sea when
you you rule the raging of the sea when its waves rise you steal them you have
its waves rise you steal them you have
its waves rise you steal them you have broken Rahab in pieces as one who is
broken Rahab in pieces as one who is
broken Rahab in pieces as one who is slain you have scattered your enemies
slain you have scattered your enemies
slain you have scattered your enemies with your mighty arm the heavens are
with your mighty arm the heavens are
with your mighty arm the heavens are yours the earth also is yours the world
yours the earth also is yours the world
yours the earth also is yours the world in all its fullness you have found
in all its fullness you have found
in all its fullness you have found the north and the south you have created
the north and the south you have created
the north and the south you have created them Tabor and Herman rejoice in your
them Tabor and Herman rejoice in your
them Tabor and Herman rejoice in your name you have a mighty arm strong as
name you have a mighty arm strong as
name you have a mighty arm strong as your hand and high is your right hand
your hand and high is your right hand
your hand and high is your right hand righteousness and justice are the
righteousness and justice are the
righteousness and justice are the foundation of your throne mercy and
foundation of your throne mercy and
foundation of your throne mercy and truth go before your face blessed are
truth go before your face blessed are
truth go before your face blessed are the people who know the joyful sound
the people who know the joyful sound
the people who know the joyful sound they walk Oh Lord in the light of your
they walk Oh Lord in the light of your
they walk Oh Lord in the light of your countenance in your name they rejoice
countenance in your name they rejoice
countenance in your name they rejoice all day long and in your righteousness
all day long and in your righteousness
all day long and in your righteousness they are exalted for you are the glory
they are exalted for you are the glory
they are exalted for you are the glory of their strength and in your favor our
of their strength and in your favor our
of their strength and in your favor our horn is exalted for our shield belongs
horn is exalted for our shield belongs
horn is exalted for our shield belongs to the Lord and our king to the Holy One
to the Lord and our king to the Holy One
to the Lord and our king to the Holy One of Israel then you spoke in a vision to
of Israel then you spoke in a vision to
of Israel then you spoke in a vision to your Holy One and said I have given help
your Holy One and said I have given help
your Holy One and said I have given help to one who is mighty I have exalted one
to one who is mighty I have exalted one
to one who is mighty I have exalted one chosen from the people I have found my
chosen from the people I have found my
chosen from the people I have found my servant David with my holy oil I have
servant David with my holy oil I have
servant David with my holy oil I have anointed him with whom my hand shall be
anointed him with whom my hand shall be
anointed him with whom my hand shall be established also my arm shall strengthen
established also my arm shall strengthen
established also my arm shall strengthen him the enemy shall not outwit him nor
him the enemy shall not outwit him nor
him the enemy shall not outwit him nor the son of wickedness afflict him I will
the son of wickedness afflict him I will
the son of wickedness afflict him I will beat down his foes before his face and
beat down his foes before his face and
beat down his foes before his face and plague those who hate him but my
plague those who hate him but my
plague those who hate him but my faithfulness
faithfulness
faithfulness and my mercy shall be with him and in my
and my mercy shall be with him and in my
and my mercy shall be with him and in my name his horn shall be exalted also I
name his horn shall be exalted also I
name his horn shall be exalted also I will set his hand over the sea and his
will set his hand over the sea and his
will set his hand over the sea and his right hand over the rivers he shall cry
right hand over the rivers he shall cry
right hand over the rivers he shall cry to me you are my father my God in the
to me you are my father my God in the
to me you are my father my God in the rock of my salvation also I will make
rock of my salvation also I will make
rock of my salvation also I will make him my firstborn the highest of the
him my firstborn the highest of the
him my firstborn the highest of the kings of the earth my mercy I will keep
kings of the earth my mercy I will keep
kings of the earth my mercy I will keep for him forever and my covenant shall
for him forever and my covenant shall
for him forever and my covenant shall stand firm with him his seed also I will
stand firm with him his seed also I will
stand firm with him his seed also I will make to endure forever and his throne as
make to endure forever and his throne as
make to endure forever and his throne as the days of heaven if his sons forsake
the days of heaven if his sons forsake
the days of heaven if his sons forsake my law and do not walk in my judgments
my law and do not walk in my judgments
my law and do not walk in my judgments if they break my statutes and do not
if they break my statutes and do not
if they break my statutes and do not keep my Commandments then I will punish
keep my Commandments then I will punish
keep my Commandments then I will punish their transgression with the rod and
their transgression with the rod and
their transgression with the rod and their iniquity with stripes
their iniquity with stripes
their iniquity with stripes nevertheless my loving-kindness I will
nevertheless my loving-kindness I will
nevertheless my loving-kindness I will not utterly take from him nor allow my
not utterly take from him nor allow my
not utterly take from him nor allow my faithfulness to fail my covenant I will
faithfulness to fail my covenant I will
faithfulness to fail my covenant I will not break nor alter the word that has
not break nor alter the word that has
not break nor alter the word that has gone out of my lips once I have sworn by
gone out of my lips once I have sworn by
gone out of my lips once I have sworn by my holiness I will not lie to David his
my holiness I will not lie to David his
my holiness I will not lie to David his seed shall endure forever and his throne
seed shall endure forever and his throne
seed shall endure forever and his throne as the son before me
as the son before me
as the son before me it shall be established forever like the
it shall be established forever like the
it shall be established forever like the moon even like the faithful witness in
moon even like the faithful witness in
moon even like the faithful witness in the sky but you have cast off and
the sky but you have cast off and
the sky but you have cast off and abhorred you have been furious with your
abhorred you have been furious with your
abhorred you have been furious with your anointed you have renounced the covenant
anointed you have renounced the covenant
anointed you have renounced the covenant of your servant you have profaned his
of your servant you have profaned his
of your servant you have profaned his crown by casting it to the ground
crown by casting it to the ground
crown by casting it to the ground you have broken down all his hedges you
you have broken down all his hedges you
you have broken down all his hedges you have brought his strongholds to ruin all
have brought his strongholds to ruin all
have brought his strongholds to ruin all who passed by the way wonder him he is a
who passed by the way wonder him he is a
who passed by the way wonder him he is a reproach to his neighbors you have
reproach to his neighbors you have
reproach to his neighbors you have exalted the right hand of his
exalted the right hand of his
exalted the right hand of his adversaries you have made all his
adversaries you have made all his
adversaries you have made all his enemies rejoice you have also turned
enemies rejoice you have also turned
enemies rejoice you have also turned back the edge of his sword and have not
back the edge of his sword and have not
back the edge of his sword and have not sustained him in the battle you have
sustained him in the battle you have
sustained him in the battle you have made his glory cease and cast his throne
made his glory cease and cast his throne
made his glory cease and cast his throne down to the ground the days of his youth
down to the ground the days of his youth
down to the ground the days of his youth you have shortened you have covered him
you have shortened you have covered him
you have shortened you have covered him with shame how long will you hide
with shame how long will you hide
with shame how long will you hide yourself forever will your wrath burn
yourself forever will your wrath burn
yourself forever will your wrath burn like fire
like fire
like fire remember how short my time is for what
remember how short my time is for what
remember how short my time is for what futility have you created all the
futility have you created all the
futility have you created all the children of men what man can live and
children of men what man can live and
children of men what man can live and not see death can he deliver his life
not see death can he deliver his life
not see death can he deliver his life from the power of the grave Lord where
from the power of the grave Lord where
from the power of the grave Lord where are your former loving-kindnesses which
are your former loving-kindnesses which
are your former loving-kindnesses which you swore to david in your truth
you swore to david in your truth
you swore to david in your truth remember Lord the reproach of your
remember Lord the reproach of your
remember Lord the reproach of your servants how I bear in my bosom the
servants how I bear in my bosom the
servants how I bear in my bosom the reproach of all the many peoples with
reproach of all the many peoples with
reproach of all the many peoples with which your enemies have reproached Oh
which your enemies have reproached Oh
which your enemies have reproached Oh Lord with which they have reproached the
Lord with which they have reproached the
Lord with which they have reproached the footsteps of your anointed blessed be
footsteps of your anointed blessed be
footsteps of your anointed blessed be the Lord forevermore amen and amen
the Lord forevermore amen and amen
the Lord forevermore amen and amen you